[Documentation][feature/otx] Add Object Detection Tutorial (#1469)
open-edge-platform/training_extensions: docs/source/tutorials/otx_sdk/index.rst

How to use Software Development Kit (OTX SDK)
================

<Guidelines for writing>

> Build a standalone demo application using OTE SDK and one of the task (classification for example). Go through all stages (create dataset, train, validate, optimize, export)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial creates a standalone demonstration application using the OTX API and one of OTX tasks (i.e., classification). It explores the end-to-end workflow by demonstrating each stage individually (dataset creation, training, validation, optimization, and export).
```
